Peppa and her family are at
Granny and Grandpa Pig's house.
Today, I'm going to make
apple and blackberry crumbles.
Yummy!
I need you bravest
explorers to go and get the fruit.
Aye! Aye! Granny Pig!
We've got baskets for the apples.
And buckets for the blackberries.
First, the easy bit picking apples.
On the count of three, shake the tree.
One! Two! Three!
Now for the blackberries.
Why don't we just have apple crumble?
Because
blackberries are tasty too, Grandpa.
OK. Now the hard bit.
Now that's what I call a blackberry bush.
This bush has been
here since I was a little piggy.
It's an overgrown weed.
I should've cut it down years ago.
Grandpa, why don't you like it?
I don't like the way it looks at me.
Silly Grandpa. It's just a harmless bush.
And it's covered in lovely blackberries.
George has seen
some really big juicy blackberries.
Careful George, or you might get tangled.
I have a stick for
picking hard-To-Reach blackberries.
Clever Grandpa!
But the best
blackberries are right at the very top.
That's why I brought the ladder.
Um, don't
lean too far over, Mummy Pig.
Don't worry. I've been climbing this
Blackberry bush since I was a little girl.
Yes, but you are not a little girl now.
I know what I'm doing.
Oh, dear! Mummy Pig has
fallen into the blackberry bush.
Mummy! Can you get out?
No, I'm stuck.
You're stuck in the
thorny bush like Sleeping Beauty.
What?
Once upon a time,
There was a
princess called Sleeping Beauty.
One day she fell asleep in a thorny bush.
And she stayed there for a hundred years.
That's a nice story, Peppa.
It is Susie Sheep.
Hello, Peppa.
Hello, Susie.
My Mummy is in a blackberry bush.
And she'll be there for a hundred years.
Like Sleeping Beauty?
And she'll be rescued by a
handsome prince who will give her a kiss.
My Mummy is having an adventure.
I wish my mummy
would have adventures like that.
Um, can someone think
of a way to get me out of here?
Don't worry, Mummy.
In a hundred years
a handsome prince will rescue you.
I'll be that handsome prince. Grandpa Pig,
May I borrow your pruning shears please?
Of course you may, Brave Sir Daddy Pig.
Stand back everyone.
Take that you thorny bush you.
Hurray!
Oh, my prince.
My princess.
You were meant to stay
in there for a hundred years!
That was quite long enough. Thank you.
Mummy is a blackberry bush.
I thought this sort
of thing only happened to me!
Stand still while we pick you.
Let's take all this fruit back to Granny Pig.
Granny! Granny! Mummy had an adventure!
And then Mummy fell in a bush.
She looked quite silly and she was going
Ah----! Help me! Help me!
And then Daddy came and rescued her.
The end.
Thank you, Peppa.
I think we've all
heard that story enough times now.
But it's funny.
I never want to see
another blackberry in my life.
So you don't want to
any apple and blackberry crumble then.
Well. Mmmm. Delicious.
Mummy Pig loves
apple and blackberry crumble.
Everyone loves